A note should not really extend much further than the window on your computer. If you have to scroll a lot, your note is too long. My rule of thumb is one idea, one note. Obviously, those notes we created by importing annotations from hypothesis and zotero are waaaay to unwieldly. The process of re-composing your notes is sometimes called 'refactoring' (you might see that term used in the 'personal knowledge management' world).

The commands we'll use are all found under `note composer` when we call up the command pallette. Which particular command is visible depends on whether or not our cursor has selected text or a subsection. If you put your cursor at the end of this paragraph, and then hit cmd+p / ctrl+p to bring up the command palette, start typing  'composer' to see what's available. The option will be `merge current file with another file`. (Remember, your individual notes are actually text files on your computer, right?). If you selected that, you'd be presented with a list of your other notes. Select one of those, and boom, the two notes are merged - don't do that now!

Now, highlight the text in this paragraph. Again, bring up the command palette, type 'composer', and you'll see that you now have the *additional* option `Extract current selection`. Click that, and then composer will ask you which file do you want to merge the selection with - don't do that now!

Finally, if you have used markdown headers in your notes (eg, `#` for a title or `##` for a subtitle, etc) and you select the heading and the text, composer's `Extract current selection` will let you create a new note where the heading becomes the title of the note - and it'll leave a link in the originating document! Try it out now:

# an extraction example

Highlight that heading and this text, and then use note composer to create a new note from this.


## The End - for now

This is enough for now; we'll explore **in class** more of the affordances of Obsidian and ways to really *leverage* this tool to get the most out of our notetaking. 